docs: update config enable_debug (#17866)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/agent/config/config-files.mdx

  that match a registering service instance. If it finds any, the agent will merge the centralized defaults with the service instance configuration. This allows for things like service protocol or proxy configuration to be defined centrally and inherited by any affected service registrations.
  This defaults to `false` in versions of Consul prior to 1.9.0, and defaults to `true` in Consul 1.9.0 and later.

> - `enable_debug` (Defaults to `false`) When set, enables some additional debugging features. Currently, this is only used to
>   capture runtime profiling (pprof) data. This setting is only required for clusters without ACL [enabled](#acl_enabled), and requires agent restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enable_debug` (boolean, default is `false`): When set to `true`, enables Consul to report additional debugging information, including runtime profiling (`pprof`) data. This setting is only required for clusters without ACL [enabled](#acl_enabled). If you change this setting, you must restart the agent for the change to take effect.
```
A few suggestions for better consistency with our style guidance
